DUNE by Frank Herbert
                                 |
Dune, written by Frank Herbert,  
is a sci-fi masterpiece winning
both the Hugo Award and Nebula
Award for Best Novel. This novel
follows the struggles of Paul
Atreides, the heir to the dukedom
of the desert planet Arrakis, as
he fights back against the House
Harkdonnen, the rival who stole
his way of life and the life of
his father.

Dune, written by Frank Herbert,  is a sci-fi masterpiece winning  both the Hugo Award and Nebula   Award for Best Novel. This novel follows the struggles of Paul    Atreides, the heir to the dukedomof the desert planet Arrakis, as he fights back against the House Harkdonnen, the rival who stole  his way of life and the life of  his father.


House Atreides
                                 |
One of the Great Houses of the   
feudal interstellar empire known 
as the Imperium, House Atreides  
rules the water planet of Caladan
The Padishah appointed the head  
of House Atreides to rule Arrakis

One of the Great Houses of the   feudal interstellar empire known as the Imperium, House Atreides  rules the water planet of CaladanThe Padishah appointed the head  of House Atreides to rule Arrakis

Fremen
                                 |
The native inhabitants of the    
planet Arrakis. With a tribal    
society and the knowledge of the 
land, they are a force to be     
reckoned with.

The native inhabitants of the    planet Arrakis. With a tribal    society and the knowledge of the land, they are a force to be     reckoned with.

Spice
                                 |
Spice, or also known as melange, 
is the most valuable resource in 
the universe. Found only on the  
planet Arrakis, it gives the user
prolonged life and health.       
However, withdrawal is fatal.

Spice, or also known as melange, is the most valuable resource in the universe. Found only on the  planet Arrakis, it gives the userprolonged life and health.       However, withdrawal is fatal.

                                 |

Also known later as Muad Dib,    Paul is the protaganist and the  main character. Son of Leto and  Jessica of the House Atreides, heis a charismatic leader who wouldunite the Fremen against the     Imperium


                                 |
Father of Paul and master of LadyJessica, Leto is appointed as thehead of House Atreides to become the duke of Arrakis

